cdc: support azure (#20858)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/setup-aws-self-hosted-kafka-private-link-service.md

Reviewer: As this file is renamed, please add an alias for the old name to avoid the 404 issue.

Author: I have already update all the references, there won't have 404 issues

Reviewer: If users save the link of "https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-link-service/", after this PR is merged and built, their saved link will be 404.

Author: We are mainly an online document, it's not worth considering this coner case

Reviewer: Actually, it is a common practice for TiDB documentation.

Author: please help do it

        - `usw2-az2` with `broker-usw2-az2 subnet`
        - `usw2-az3` with `broker-usw2-az3 subnet`
    - **Security groups**: create a new security group with the following rules.

>         - Inbound rule allows all TCP from Kafka VPC: Type - `{ports of target groups}`, for example, `9092-9095`; Source - `{CIDR of TiDB Cloud}`. PS: you can get "CIDR of TiDB Cloud" in the region from TiDB Cloud console `Project Settings->Network Access->Project CIDR->AWS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Inbound rule allows all TCP from Kafka VPC: Type - `{ports of target groups}`, for example, `9092-9095`; Source - `{CIDR of TiDB Cloud}`. To get the CIDR of TiDB Cloud in the region, click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner of the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com), and then click **Project Settings** > **Network Access** > **Project CIDR** > **AWS**.
```
